camera. There we
go. That ISO is
terrible. It's going to be so much
better when I actually have lights
behind me. I've got like a couple
dangling like utility lights. All right,
morning.
As promised, I am back bright and early
for uh more
dev. Good stream view
up. All right, let's check on the
experiments. Ah, okay. That's the one I
really wanted to
work. That's crazy that this doesn't
repro though. That is
Okay. At least we have something for
comparison
now. No, like at least we have something
to go off of maybe.
these? Wait, hang
on. Is
this
unfortunately. I know what happened
exactly. It's freaking bet. It's your
fault.
Now that's
right. This the one that's totally
crashed.
Okay. In the loop
here where we're
decreasing, we're decrementing the
quarks.
That took me a whole day to find that
bug last time. I'm not going to forget
about
run. Okay. So, sadly, neither of these
is really working,
but it's kind of tough to say.
I mean, we do have 85 runs and nothing
amazing, but the fact that this goes out
to
300k. How far does this go out? Yeah,
see this doesn't go out as far. This is
only out to
100k. So, there might still be something
there, you know.
Now other than that we got to look at
neural MMO.
run. CUDA
error unspecified launch failure. So
yeah, this thing must have gotten some
nans at some
point. That's rough.
But we did
And then we can see that this is failing
at that logic norm.
run. Two
These
man? Okay. So, this is the latest run
that I had.
have this
one. That's not
bad. It does seem to sat a little
earlier. I don't like the direction it's
headed in,
That's reasonable
though. Okay.
One of two things potentially. Like one
of two things
fixed. This is just going to have to run
for a good chunk of today. this
repro. Let me think what we what we can
do with this here though with this
knowledge. Something with neural MMOs,
it's really just hard to run big sweeps
on neural MMO, right?
technically probably technically we
should be able to make it so that uh
this sweep stuff like sweep runs DDP
It's 8:15. I think we're going to have
some drone guys coming by today for uh
submit their drone in, which will be
cool.
I think the main thing for today is
going to
be Well, let's get a sweep going on
meta. First of
yet. I don't want to bottleneck waiting
for sweeps. Let me think what we can
what we can do in the meantime here
productively.
DDP. I also have profiling stuff I can
do on meta, right?
Why don't we just like start messing
with with DDP a little
bit?
Um, yeah, let's just start messing with
DDP a little
bit. Get meta set up and we'll see what
happens from there.
me also go grab my morning
coffee on the
Okay. Mug has so many equations on it. I
could probably learn my particle physics
off of just this
chemistry. It's literally just random
random well-known equations from math,
physics, chemistry.
There we go. I just
copied thing
speed. CUDA unknown
error. Oh, this is actually the thing
that's breaking. I think this is just
CUDA drivers dropping.
Huh. That's super
Give this a second to come back
on. What we want to get is we want to
get some like really nice
solid perf numbers on GDP.
I don't know though if we're going to be
able to get it to train well with um
giant giant
batches.
Actually, let's see how OpenAI 5 like
their batch is.
The effective batch
size
is 120
* 16
samples. I mean they had bat size 3
million
I think this is the mini batch size
honestly.
They got good training out of batsized 3
million on
Dota. It's going to be on us to do that
here.
and go check what's this thing has come
back on.
That's going to be a problem because I
don't have the cable that I need coming
until tomorrow. Unless I randomly have a
VGA
running. What happened? Some driver
shenanigans.
I did is reboot
it. There we
We should be able to get way more than
that. Like close to 2 mil.
Got to be this numb M
right up to like four M's
Yeah. The original was it
16? Was it eight? I think it was eight.
Eight is double buffered. You need 64
cores for that. So the most I can do is
four.
Okay, so that gets us 1.1. But then the
trick is going to be if we do
eight or what is it?
N it should be like this, right? Two.
Two.
One.
Two. Be
But
four, two, and
two. Or was it? Was it
four, four?
1.5. This actually gets us like
decentish
scaling. Let's actually see how close
this is to just
um single GPU.
Oh, this matches. This is basically
linear. This is
400k. Little bit of end time leak.
Little bit of copy time leak.
Really shouldn't be any end time leak
because M is really
rough. Yeah. How many M's did they have
in Dota? They had like a lot of M's.
Let's leave this for now just because
it's like the direct
replica and like this should be
basically this should repro the original
uh train run with these
settings. Now the total time steps thing
we have to account for
separately. But if I just do
this, I get two million step a second
It's got to be this, right? This is like
a well-known thing.
needs. Let me make sure I have
everything
committed. That's super annoying.
fine. Let's see if I can even start the
darn container now.
I just set run
time. I just set the Nvidia run Time.
I'm hitting chat GPK. This shit's
[ __ ] Like, I don't I don't know
what the [ __ ] is wrong with like
literally Grock just stops working after
two or three messages 80% of the time
now. I'm mad. Like, I don't I don't know
what the hell to be fair. It's like it's
not like I haven't seen it with GPT as
well,
Why is this not just
autoed? Absurd.
There. That's like
absurd. Oops. Where'd my chat
go? There we go. I always forgot to
leave that
boxing. Couple hours. I'll fix what you
wanted me to fix on common pool.
Awesome. Yeah, let's get that stuff in,
man. Like, there's so many cool
multi-agent experiments that we have
that should just work now. Like,
puffer's gotten pretty pretty darn solid
on the RL side. You just en has to be
correct. Resources like rewards,
observations, all that stuff has to be
correct. Get a sane experiment config
and it should you should actually be
able to do some pretty cool science
there.
versions. Huh. Look, GPT doesn't work
either. None of them work.
Nope. Oh, that's just infuriating,
man. How about Docker? Maybe it's
128. You already have drivers
updated. That doesn't make any bloody
sense.
man. I could technically go to a VN
based
thing. I don't think it's the right
approach though.
like nuking Docker entirely because of
this
is such a bad bad play. Docker gives us
a lot. It's like the only heavy thing I
actually think is useful and worth
it. Holy hell is the driver stuff bad.
We'll spend a few minutes on it and then
I'll just do
Yeah, I
know. It's just like making just adding
crap. Okay. Well, we'll try the uh we'll
try the lightweight
one. Driver shenanigans are just
ridiculous.
the UV setup might just be easier these
days.
and I want to like I got to come up with
like a decent way to just put like a put
like reasonable bounties on shitty infra
bugs like
this so I can just like use the quick
workaround for now and then like I don't
know
Like if I put a few hundred bucks on
stuff like this,
probably people would uh just like fix
[ __ ] like
this. We're at the point here where I
really need to focus on the uh the RL
side, not just like you can pour
unlimited hours into dealing with
shitty shitty infrastructure, but it's
like I need to get the RL going here.
Morning to folks on Twitch and YouTube.
Hello. I'm going to try to make today a
cool get high perf distributed training
stuff
stream of a fight stupid infrastructure
stream. We also have uh the guys that
work on the drone environment be coming
by in a bit some point today.
Um, we'll get that merged into Puffer
Lib today as
well. We still have some fixes to make
for 300, but other than that, it's
pretty
stable. Some Indian companies. I That's
not going to work, man. Yeah, that's not
going to freaking
work. I think just putting a bounty on
stuff is way more effective.
cuz you have to pay for the deliverable,
not for the labor. Cuz otherwise they'll
just charge you for labor and like not
and not fix
it. Like it's not dumb work, right? It's
like you
actually like you need somebody who's
fought like who's just like fought
Docker a bunch and knows all the
possible things that can screw up with
sense? Oh, it's on. Is this just This
can't be training on CPU. It's not
training
at
What? How does that make any sense?
NVML. That's just dumb.
Okay. Well, I can
train
468. Is that faster?
It is faster. Let's see what the fastest
the fastest possible training we can
get. Okay, it's
470k SPS roughly.
So if we just put this to be num m's is
like
four then we do
two. Okay. Okay. So you lose a bit to
the environment here. So if we fix
environment, this will be exact same
What's your educational
background? I finished my uh my PhD at
MIT a little over a year
ago. I've been working on AI since I was
like 16.
This can't just be lib Nvidia
containers. So this this recommendation
makes no
crazy. The Nvidia SMI works fine. I have
correct driver versions.
I didn't mess with driver versions and
it just randomly drops NVML.
Yeah, this is now on the host is the
thing. This is not just the
ML. What is doesn't that just come with
CUDA? Is there like a version conflict
possible?
I can reboot it for now and see if it
drops again on the host without the
container. I don't know what else I
would
do. That's like
I thought it was just a Docker error. I
don't know. Maybe somehow it propagated
so like it fails in the Docker. This at
least should let me run a couple things
and we'll see if it drops again.
Like the thing is that this error also
happens if you're just dumb and have the
wrong like if you just have the drivers
and
library different versions. But like I
don't have that and like I don't get the
usual like the drivers work. Nvidia SMI
runs all
The crazy thing about this is there's
literally no way around it. Like this is
why people don't like maintaining their
own hardware because like you have to
deal with stuff like this. But the thing
is the alternative, right? If you tried
to rent a box uh that's as good as this
for RL specifically, like you're going
to be paying over a hundred grand a year
um to rent equivalent hardware. Like
literally, this thing pays for itself in
two to three months of
usage. So, it's like you can't And
that's actually at um and that's at like
the ridiculously low H prices now. like
it's even worse. Uh outside of the ones
that are basically selling extra
capacity/selling at a
loss, it's because like the consumer
chips that you want to run stuff on are
a tenth of the price of the data center
chips, even though they're the exact
same
speed. It doesn't do a clean reboot
either, which is sketch. I'm going to
give this a minute to come back on just
saying like maybe it takes us maybe it
just takes a bit but then we're going to
just go reboot that and then we'll make
sure that this works.
Fighting cuda drivers. Not not a good
way to be spending my time here.
This should come back up in a second. It
This one does actually I know takes a
second to
reboot. Fighting through the driver is
not ideal.
These guys are cool. I've got like some
optimizer people
Let's see how long the uh the Cuda
drivers last for this
Really? There we go. I don't know why it
wasn't showing up on LS.
Let's see if the driver version survives
a reboot.
before? Yeah, this is the same as
beforeish. Oh, this is fine. Now what we
have to do is we got to do torch run on
this
to Okay, that's like linear
scaling. Yeah, that's perfect. Linear
scaling.
So,
um, we do have some stuff to fix on
Neptune with it like logging it logging
weird,
but I'm trying to think if it's like is
it worth just running this
uh to see what this
And then what like total time steps has
to be cut in six I
Uhoh. What do we have
in no
What did I have in the uh the hyperbolic
command? Did I not install
train? I
did. Am I not in the
Okay. Whoops. We don't need that. We
need this.
Yeah. And actually, I'm not going to
um I'm not going to let this full run
right now yet because I also want to get
meta working first.
This is another env. I'm trying to help
these guys get their training real uh
running super fast.
In fact, I can probably even just run
their training on this
because this doesn't take very
it? I think I actually just added their
depths because it was annoying me.
What is this thing
doing? This was supposed to install like
three
packages. They must have added some
crap. I don't freaking know,
And they broke paper lip. Very nice. Uh,
do we still need episode
return or score enough as a minimum? So,
none of those are required. It's just
like they're good metrics to
log. I don't know why this uninstalled
puffer. What the hell is this? Antler
three python. What is this
there? What's the fundamental
difference? Episode return is the sum of
rewards over the course of an episode.
The score is completely unrelated,
right? It could be. It's just like if
you have a game, right? Like in Enduro,
there's a score. That's what the score
is.
Um it has like you're not even
necessarily rewarding based on score.
Okay,
there. So, this is default meta. We get
500k with a little bit of end of time.
now. It's a little tricky cuz I only
have four workers, I believe.
time 300 somewhat. Okay.
And
then go up to
to that's actually faster as well.
70% of
time. Okay. So now what we get to
do
run apps
This will be basically identical run to
before. What? Where's my freaking
cursor? What is wrong with like what has
this done to my terminal? I have no
cursor.
The amount of dumb [ __ ] that
breaks. Holy
hell. Wait, what? Nodes. N proc per
node.
space?
Hello. Why Why is this spamming whites
Yes. Okay, there we go. There's
something.
this not log. Oh, this does log. It just
logs
repeatedly. Okay. And this actually does
seem to be training.
company. Let me just see what these guys
are and I'll let this run. And I got to
go check what this freight delivery is.
I was just making sure that wasn't the
lights for my building showing
in. Okay, what do we got here? We got
heart.
yet. We should have some older meta
runs,
maybe. Yeah.
So, this is the run that we're trying to
match. Got to do this,
though.
Interesting. Not doing as well so far.
I mean, I'm going to be able to match
this curve. So, if this run doesn't
work, like no big deal. I will just
adjust the param so that the curve
matches and then it will just be a
matter of uh figuring
out, you know, how to get this thing to
effectively train with larger batches
and
whatnot. This should have like nice
stable updates. We'll see.
NVML. I don't have mismatch drive
version library though.
What do you even do when something fails
like that?
for the new binding code. How do we
unpack into C
XYZ is it just one of those? Is it like
initials position or
something? You would just do XYZ. If
so, like technically you can do it like
you can do it if you if you want to mess
with the Python C API to pass a TPLE,
but it's going to be a heck of a lot
easier to just pass three
I'm getting breakfast in uh like 5 10
minutes, Sam. And then I will be back
afterwards and uh I can help you merge
in that env get some cool training runs,
all that. We actually really wanted to
start doing drone stuff. So, I'm glad
that you've got like NN because I'm
probably going to be jumping in and
helping do a whole bunch of stuff in
this area
interesting. Yeah, man. There's so much
there's going to be like so much cool RL
around
here. Currently working on distributed
stuff.
couple. But uh for the folks watching, I
will be back right after breakfast and
we will be getting more distributed
stuff working
today. Um
Okay, we do
this. Of course, I have to now reboot
the machine, don't I? Because it's like
it's just
crashed in order to see if this then
doesn't crash anymore.
That's crazy that just accessing it will
crash the driver that
use.
Uhoh.
Great. Maybe just Python didn't get
killed
correctly. Well, I'm going to have to go
in literally like a minute. So, for the
folks watching here, um, all this dev is
open source. It's on puffer.ai. If you
want to help me out for free, just start
the repo. And, uh, if you want to get
involved with high perf reinforcement
learning, building M, getting involved
with training infrastructure, all that,
join the
Discord. I will keep on this until
breakfast, but
This is the only command that actually
freaking works. I
swear. One stack overflow
This just kills my turn. Like we're
gonna have to go hard reboot.
That's like super super obnoxious, but
what else are we going to do?
So, the hope is that if I'm no longer um
have this like multi-threaded
utilization shenanigans that we should
no longer kill the
driver. And then I'll basically I'll
just have to refactor the transcript a
little bit to more elegantly include um
all
the basically to make it like easier to
use uh multiGPU training without having
to like have a whole bunch of crap
everywhere. We'll just kind of like
refactor it a little
bit and then that will be a
okay and this will be good to find out
on this box. Actually, this will fix the
Docker issue as well. So, we should be
fine with uh we'll probably be fine
using Docker again after this as well,
which will be nice. Yeah, like this will
kind of fix all our problems.
All right, I'm heading for breakfast.
Thanks, folks. Star Repo really helps
out.